[Home](https://aaltomcc.github.io/cs-ej4101-fall-2019-042-advanced/)
# Learning 042  
I decided to try to make the advances project. It was already difficult to decide which project to do, but I thought that I can learn more from the advanced project. I had most of my problems with setting up the Hugo system and automatic build. The Hugo system was a bit confusing for me, even if there were some blog posts linked and quite clear instructions for installing it. The example about using the Travis CI was quite different than the one we were using, but after little bit googling I was able to figure out where the issue was and whit trial and error I got the build working and something visible on the web page.  
Travis CI was new tool for me, but trying the continuous delivery made the advanced project interesting for me. After configuring the system, it started to make much more sense. At the beginning I also had issues with registering the git branch, because it was under the aaltomcc and not my own account. This was very confusing, and I was most likely using couple of hours unnecessary trying to figure out what I was doing wrong.  
The DevOps basics were thought with some online videos, which was nice. Sure I could have found those videos by myself, but now I know that I had access there and they were most likely worth watching. And they were. I realized that most of the principles were already familiar for me, I just hadn’t learned them as a one organized entity. It made me able to connect the concepts to each other.
